[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hey guys, I'm Ty.
And today, we're going to
talk about muscle testing.
Muscle testing is basically
a skill or a tool that you
can use, and overtime, when
you develop confidence with it,
it's basically a way to bypass
your conscious thinking mind
and get into your
body, and find out
the real truth
about any statement,
you know, whether it's
whether job is good for me,
whether this girl
is good for me,
whether this food
is good for me.
You can ask yourself
questions about your body
and find out the truth
about what's going on.
Anything that comes
inside your energy sphere,
and we all understand that
everything is energy, guys.
You've got to understand that.
If you break it down
to an atomic level,
everything is energy.
So when something comes
into your energy sphere,
in and around your body, your
body has a reaction to it,
your nervous system
has a reaction to it.
Every muscle movement
is a neurological event.
Basically, information
is sent through the body,
into the nervous system, up
the spine, and into the brain.
And there, from
the brain, dictates
the movement of the muscles.
If it's something
that's good for you,
the muscles are strong.
If it's something that's
weak, the muscles go weak.
The kinesiology was
adopted by a guy
named David Hawkins, who wrote
a book called "Power Versus
Force."
What he did to basically
prove to the world
that this is a science--
this is not just some, you
know, hoochie, groovy, mystical
stuff, this is a dead
set science-- was
he got 1,000 people in a room.
He gave them all
a white envelope,
an enclosed white envelope that
you couldn't see in, right,
and he got every single
person to come up
on stage, one at a time, and
they'd hold that white envelope
to their chest.
And half the people had
organic vitamin C in there,
and the other half had
an artificial sweetener.
And every single person
that got up there and had
the artificial sweetener,
and held it to their chest
and held their arm out,
while the other person tested
whether the muscles went
strong or weak, went weak.
And every single person
that had the organic vitamin
C, when tested, was strong.
Your subconscious mind is
like 90% of your brain power.
It's like 1,000 times stronger
than your conscious mind.
You get into your subconscious
mind and your nervous system--
that's what we're doing
when we're muscle testing--
you can get to the
truth of things.
OK, guys.
Now we can actually
physically show you
how to do four different
types of muscle testing.
Now, one type might
work better for some guy
and one type might work
better for another.
Now, the first one we're
going to talk about
is the double ring test.
So we get the left hand
and we make a ring.
We get the right two fingers
here, we make a ring.
And just start off by making
a statement, my name is Ty.
And if I test that,
it tests strong,
because that's the truth right.
Now I can do the same test
and say, my name is Justin.
And I have an
immediate response,
because I'm basically saying
a lie, so my muscle goes weak.
It's not about squeezing
your fingers as hard you can
and pressing, and all this.
You're going to have to
find what works for you.
OK.
A second type of ring test
a lot of people like to use
is basically you get your two
fingers squished up like this,
and you get your left hand
which creates that circle.
And you get inside there and
you ask yourself the question
or make the statement,
my name is Ty.
And try and break that,
and it's strong, right?
And I make a false statement
like, my name is Justin,
and it's much more easy for
me to open that circle up,
because I basically told a lie.
My nervous system
has picked up on it,
and it makes my muscles go weak.
But I can think of someone
that I really love,
and I can't break that, right?
Now, I can think of someone
that's aggravated me
or someone I might have
some bad feelings about,
and it's easy for me to do that.
When you're doing
these muscle tests,
it's important you don't
try and over think it.
Don't try and think about
a million different things
or try and really make it work.
The best thing you can do is
just kind of have a blank mind,
and let it make the answers for
us and let it get to the truth,
right?
You can't use this to
predict the future,
and there's no point really
going into the past too much.
You really want to
make statements.
Just make clear cut, concise
statements about what's
going on your present life.
That's the best way
to use this material.
The third technique that
I'm going to show you
is using the elbow.
It's called an elbow technique.
You basically hold your
arm here at 90 degrees.
I'm gonna apply pressure.
Just give me an absolute yes.
It's strong.
Give me an absolute no.
And it's not as strong.
It goes weak.
It's almost like it's a gift
that we all have access to,
right?
So the more you use it,
it's like a skill set.
And the more you
begin to trust in it,
and the more that part of
your psychology or your brain
will evolve.
A fourth method
that we can use is
called the swaying technique.
If you imagine that your
head was like on a pendulum.
If you sway forward, is
it a positive response?
If you sway backwards,
it's a negative response.
And one way we can use
this, guys, is to test food.
We can really use it to test
whether food is good for you
or not.
You can get an apple
that's an organic apple
and hold it to your body,
and you'll sway strong,
you'll sway forward.
You can get an apple
that's genetically
modified with pesticides
and herbicides,
and all the rest of it,
hold it to your body,
and you'll sway back.
Make a statement that's true.
My name is Ty.
And you can see that little
subtle movement forward.
It's weird how it works.
I have no real--
I don't really
understand how it works,
I just know that
it works, right?
OK.
I stand in the same
position, but focus.
[INHALING]
My name is John Diggler.
And that's obviously a no.
I don't even know
who John Diggler is.
OK guys, just to recap
those individual--
those four different
steps that we used.
We've got the double
ring technique,
which a lot of people
love to use that.
We've got the open
pinch technique.
Right?
Remember that one?
| got the elbow technique.
Pushing down, finding out
the truth and the validity
of any statement.
And we've got that
swaying technique.
Swaying forward is a positive,
swaying negative is a negative.
Have a look, and
start experimenting
and start using this.
It is an amazing tool to get
to the truth about what's
good for you and what's not.
All right, guys.
That's enough for me today.
[KISSING]
Peace.
I love you.
Bye-bye.